# Real-time-assistant-for-woman-safety-RAWS
In the modern’s world, it will be unsafe to travel alone for a person at night especially for women. To provide safety for women a good way to reduce the chances of becoming a victim of violent crime is to identify and call on resources to help you out unsafe situations. Having a safety app on your phone can reduce the reason for the risk situation and add assistance when we need to use it. Unlike the other applications available, which work only at the time of Emergency or Danger, this app can be used as a safety or precaution measure. So that, “Protection is better than cure”. The main purpose of this app is to provide a safe platform through Android phone as today all person is taking smartphones to travel here and there. So have a good future are added to prevent any violent crime like we have Stress Analysis portal which are usefully for all that check for you are in Stress or not. We live in an era where there is a surplus of information flowing in every second. 
Too much stress can negatively impact our health and may lead to headaches, high blood pressure, heart problems, diabetes, skin conditions, asthma, arthritis, depression, and anxiety that was get bad impact for our body. We have nearby Police and NGO number portal. We have chatbot for help any time no matter you get application information or you have a help for your safety. The user also gets to know the current user address using GPS location tracker. The fetched information is sent to the emergency contact of the user. Each time a user makes a phone call, an emergency signal will be generated automatically and then an information alert will be sent to the contacts that have been added to the emergency call.

